[mongodbatlasreceiver] Add baseURL config (#39345)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/mongodbatlasreceiver/README.md

MongoDB Atlas [Documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api/logs/#logs) recommends a polling interval of 5 minutes.

> - `base_url` (optional) set the base URL to connect to to Atlas Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `base_url` (default https://cloud.mongodb.com/) set the base URL to connect to to Atlas Cloud
```

> - `base_url` (optional) set to https://cloud.mongodbgov.com to connecto to Atlas Gov

Reviewer 2: we should probably describe the parameter purpose here (set the base URL) instead of  using a specific usage example.
